In response to today's updates, please find the below laundtry list:
Primary goals question. Should be able to select multiple (all 3 if they choose) but must have 1 option at least.
Body Stats question: division looks good. for gender we have a subheading, but for the date of birth scroller we do not. let's include a Date of Birth subheading. Also the stacking of gnders looks bad, so let's have Male/Female/Other the same sizes and all the on the same row horizontally stacked. further more the date of birth scroller picker has a lot of padding on the left side - analyse attached image. remove this padding and centre align the scroller. analyse attached image gender_dob_error.png
referral page is in the wrong position, should be at the end of the questionnaire before programme - analyse the "New Flow" section in the onboarding_analysis.md doc. furthermore this page has no heading/subheading to match the other pages - fix this. it should also not be included in the progress bar calculation since it comes right at the end.
Height/weight page needs a heading and useful, descriptive subheading as to why we take it. unit conversion should be toolbar style with a slider centre alignred. subheadings should be centre aligned. bizarely, choosing ft/in produces a second ruler to input inches - that shouldn't happen. always one rules regardless of units, but the units change the number and unit dusplayed in the ruler. for example if i select a number in cm, then change the unit to ft/in, the ruler should update and the number displayed (tick mark on the ruler) should be the correct mathematical conversion of the height in cm. same applies for weight in kg versus lbs. analyse attached image heightweighterror.png.
interstitial videos. not displaying and the window they are displayed in is showing as a subsection of the overall view with its own next button - that's completely wrong, remove that button and just use the continue button. the window housing the video should be the entire screen so the video fills the view port. the heading styling is also awful. analse the video_to_be_state.png image attached and mimic this (not colour, just sizing and positioning). these corrections apply to both interstitial pages.
the last 3 pages of the questionnaire cause the progress bar to move but they are completely blank.
you haven't included the carousel at all - this needs creating to mimic the carousel.png files attached which you should analyse.
you didn't rename the .MOV files on screenshot files or move their location in line with best practice as i requested.