OK we have a comprehensive joining and file organisation exercise to do.

We've now completed our purchase order of gym demonstration videos for the app. they're all stored in ./demo_videos. note that the filenames are all using the ID and exercise names from the supplier.

i'm going to keep these filenames just so that we have an audit trail of what we bought in case we ever need to buy them again. ignore the green subfolder for now. in the numbered subfolders they contain png files. pull those out to the higher folder level and only keep the max files (max in filename). but don't rename anything.

firstly we need to create a new prod database, that has the same columns as our prod excel but with the trimmed instructions instead of the long ones. furthermore, we have duplicates for ex030 and ex031 so we should remove those and then adjust the ID numbers for the subsequent rows.

from there we need to use brody_to_check csv which maps our ID to the video supplier's id, those IDs are in the filenames insid the gym_videos/ folder. so now we need a separate csv mapping table that maps our exercise ID to their exercise ID and the corresponding filename so that we can correctly embed the videos into our exercise demos in the app. bit i'm keeping the original video and image filenames hence the need for this mapping table.

you'll note from brody_to_check that the supplier didn't have videos for all our exercises, thus we will leave those blank in the mapping table, and in the prod db we will set them to 0 in is_in_programme column. for extra clarification it's these exercises. also for some exercises we use a variation video.
Dumbbel Back Ext - points to bodyweight back extension video 547112
Kettlebell Back Ext - ditto.

Seated and Standing Calf Raise - use alternate variation (i.e. pin or plate)

Single Leg Kettlebell Calf Raise - False

Pin Calf Press - use plate loaded variation

Ab wheel - kneeling variation is good

Farmers Walk - dumbbell variation is fine

Single Leg Hold - could we just screenshot the hold position and upload as that?

Glute Kickback - False

Plate Lying Leg Curl - False

Kettlebell Walking Lunge - False

Elevated Reverse Lunges - Just upload regular (but in instructions make it clear to elevate the front foot?)

Kettlebell BOR - False

Kettlebell Bulgarian/ Elevated Bulgarian/ Goblet Elevated - False (dumbbells are fine for now).

Go ahead and produce me that mapping table and set the correct values to false in is_in_programme. then produce the new prod db as an xlsx file - note in the original xlsx file we have validation rules in place that use look ups from the other sheets and i want to retain these links in the new file.

next, determine which files in the database-management folder are actually needed for the app and that they are updated in line with all the above new files.

any unused files can be dumped into an archive e.g. old python scripts for the instruction work etc.

only keep what is absolutely necessary for the app.

implement these updates systematically and iterate to debug any issues.