1. question titles and subheadings should be centre aligned, currently left-aligned.
2. on question 2: 0-6 months shdould be 0 - 6 months (i.e. whitespace around hyphen)
3. question 5 on contraindications subheading should be "Select any that may impact your training"
4. question 6 heading should be "How many days per week would you like to commit to strength training?"
5. final question "why have you considered using this app?" answer options should be: ["I lack structure in my workouts", "I need more guidance", "I lack confidence when I exercise", "I need motivation", "I need accountability", "Other"]
6. on the height question, the sliding ruler displays large and small xticks. only the xticks are labelled but they have a decimal point with a zero, use whole numbers. the unit "cm" should also be on the same line as the large number, not on the next line down. we already do this correctly for the weight. however ten small xticks should represent 10cm in height. divide accordingly.
7. on the height question, when we switch the unit to ft/in the type of scroller completely changes. we should still be using hte sliding ruler, in place (layout should not change), but the number of small x ticks should change to reflect the change in unit and the large xticks should now become feet. then the large number above the ruler, as with cm, should update to reflect what is on the sliding ruler, but should read Xft Yin.
8. weight question - ruler works perfectly for both units of weight, but 10 xticks should equat 10kg or 10lbs.
9. programme overview page: looks great but the "log this workout" button under "Your Weekly Sessions" keeps coming out wrong and your understanding is incorrect. The expanded session bubble showing "Next Workout" with the session name, number of exercises and "Log this workout" button - should always be the case for the next uncompleted workout. so if Your Weekly Sessions shows 0/3 sessions complete, then the first session under in this section should be expanded with the log this workout button. once the workout is complete, that session is then highlighted green, but the shade of green should be the same as the progress bar above and the text should be white.
the weekly sessions is also currently wrong: for example, i produced a push/pull/legs programme with my questionnaire, and the programme overview page rightly shows "0/3 complete" but it displays 6 sessions (2 lots of push / pull / legs) with the 4th session showing the log button. something here is very broken. if the programme is 3 sessions, then 3 sessions should be shown in Your weekly sessions. if one of those was complete, then it should show 1/3 complete with the completed session highlighted in green as mentioned. this counter and the highlights should always reflect the completed sessions. sessions are completed by logging all exercises and submitting. as another example, if someone has a 4 day programme (e.g. upper lower upper lower) then the counter should show X/4 complete. investigate this issue and figure out what is going on.
10. in the questionnaire, i want to split the questions into sections. the first is about availability (equipment, time, days etc) i.e. questions 1 to 8 and the second is "About You" i.e. age, gender, height, weight. for each section there should be a cover page with a centre aligned headign and subheading and icon plus a continue button at the bottom, this should summarise the section and what we will ask. note that each section needs its own progress bar. so the first section will be a progress bar of size 8 and the second section will be a progress bar of size 4.
11. we need to reconcile Program vs Programme, both in the app content and in the file names and code. Any mention should now become Program.